Leggie
------

Leggie is a pleasant, legible monospaced (character cell) bitmap font. It was
designed for readability and long work in a terminal. It's one of the very few
sans-serif monospace fonts. Leggie is available in the following sizes:

 - 6x12 px
 - 9x14 px (EGA-style bold only)
 - 9x16 px (VGA-style bold only)
 - 9x18 px
 - 12x24 px

and styles:

 - Normal
 - Bold
 - Italic
 - Bold italic.

I think leggie is more readable than Terminus, because the letters are slightly
shorter, resulting in a bit more inter-line space (while still giving you the
same number of lines).

There is a good selection of glyphs available:

 - ASCII
 - ISO 8859-{1,2,3,4,5,7,8,9,10,13,14,15,16}
 - IPA
 - Microsoft WGL4
 - VT100 graphics
 - Common block drawing graphics
 - Symbols from the default VGA font (a.k.a. Codepage 437)
 - Some mathematics
 - Powerline
 - Nice punctuation
 - Braille (3- and 4-row)
 - ಠ_ಠ
 - ...

Overall, all living European languages and some Asian languages are supported.
Currently supported scripts are: Armenian, Cyrillic, Georgian (Mkhedruli),
Hebrew, Latin (including Vietnamese and Pinyin).

I am always interested in adding new glyphs, so please let me know if there are
any characters/languages that you need and I will try to add them.

Bold and italic
---------------

The extra styles are still being tested and for now only contain the glyphs from
the ISO 8859 charsets (all supported parts).

Patches
-------

Version 0.1707.2 introduced optional patches. Look in the patches directory and
if you see anything you like, just apply them: patch < patches/your.patch.

Please send me your patches to <w@kerr.sh>. Make sure to include your name,
email address, and a list of glyphs you've changed.

Linux console fonts (PSF)
-------------------------

Version 2.1651 introduced support for generating Linux console fonts. Just run
make psf. Make sure to have the bdf2psf program installed, it's available in
most popular distributions and from
https://packages.debian.org/sid/all/bdf2psf/download.

Installing
----------

To only install the BDFs, run make installbdf. By default it installs to
/usr/share/fonts. If you want to install to a custom directory, e.g. ~/.fonts,
run make BDFDEST=~/.fonts installbdf.

To install the PSFs, run make installpsf. By default it installs to
/usr/share/consolefonts. Similar to the above, you can pass PSFDEST to install
to a custom directory.

To install both, run make install. You can still pass BDFDEST and PSFDEST.

Legal
-----

Leggie is Copyright 2012-2018 Wiktor Kerr.
Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY).
Please see the LICENCE file or https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
